[Music]
whenever regenerated breaking occurs the
vehicle computers will make use of the
cars impulse power to run the motor
generator unit and recharge the
high-voltage battery unit in case of the
Toyota Prius the power is transferred
from the low friction tires through the
wheel axles through the transmission
differential and drive chain into the
powertrain planetary gear system and
into the motor generator unit this high
voltage is then managed by the inverter
unit and used to recharge the
high-voltage battery this is exactly the
reason why the tires are so important on
a hybrid vehicle if the tires are worn
out or defective the right amount of
power is not going to be transferred to
the motor generator unit inside the
transmission if this happens then power
or energy is being lost and the vehicle
is not going to run as efficient hybrid
vehicles are also fitted with a
tire-pressure-monitoring system always
advise your customer to be very aware of
this monitor it may mean the difference
of us much as 25% in efficiency loss due
to bad or under inflated tires
the Toyota Prius inverter unit uses its
own dedicated cooling system the
inverter unit has as one of its jobs the
task of providing the electric
air-conditioned compressor unit with
electricity the 200 volts compressor is
a totally sealed unit the abolishment of
the drive belt is what makes this system
so efficient power to the compressor
unit is provided through a connection to
the inverter towards the front right of
it remember to always wear high voltage
gloves when working on these high
voltage circuits color coded an orange
always follow proper procedure although
the air conditioned compressor voltage
is not as high as the motor generator
units inside the transmission it is also
very high and dangerous here we see the
sealed compressor unit connected to the
inverter a heater coolant pump is also
employed on the Prius another auxiliary
coolant pump not seen here is also used
to cool down the inverter and hybrid
electronics a third coolant pup also not
seen here is used to circulate coolant
from the coolant tank reservoir the
coolant tank reservoir is a sealed unit
which keeps the coolant up to operating
temperature for many hours this way the
ice engine achieves warm up temperature
very quickly
[Music]